README.md, before:


hnefatafl
=========

[You Have to Play This 1,600-Year-Old ViKing War Game](https://medium.com/war-is-boring/cef088ae4e2d).



Condensed rules
===============

The center square (Throne) and the four corner squares (castles) may only be occupied by the King. 
The King can re-enter the throne, once he leaves it, and all pieces may pass over the throne when it is empty. 
The castles are hostile to all pieces, which means that they can replace one of the two pieces taking part in a kill. 
The throne is always hostile to the enemy, but only hostile to the King's men when it is empty. 

> The objective for the King is to escape to a castle. 
> The objective for the enemy is to kill the King. 

The enemy moves first, and then players take alternate turns moving a single piece. 
All pieces may move any number of vacant squares along a row or a column, like a rook. 

Pieces are killed if they are sandwiched between two opposing pieces, or between an opposing piece and a hostile square, along a column or a row. 
A piece is only killed if the trap is closed by a move of the opponent, and it is, therefore, allowed to move in between two opposing pieces. 
A killed piece is removed from the board and is no longer active in the play. 
The King may take part in kills.

The King himself is killed when the enemy surrounds him in all four directions. 

The game is a draw if neither side can accomplish its objective, or the game starts to loop.


Board setup
-----------------

    C··EEEEE··C
    ·····E·····
    ···········
    E····V····E
    E···VVV···E
    EE·VVKVV·EE
    E···VVV···E
    E····V····E
    ···········
    ·····E·····
    C··EEEEE··C



More information
=================

+ <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tafl_games>
+ <http://hem.bredband.net/b512479/#Chap6>
+ <https://www.realisten.se/2013/03/30/hnefatafl-viKingarnas-bradspel/>

Commit message:

Men, not pieces.
It is an old viking game, I doubt very much that there were women on
the field of battle. Sorry.

README.md, after:


hnefatafl
=========

[You Have to Play This 1,600-Year-Old ViKing War Game](https://medium.com/war-is-boring/cef088ae4e2d).



Condensed rules
===============

The center square (Throne) and the four corner squares (castles) may only be occupied by the King. 
The King can re-enter the throne, once he leaves it, and all men may pass over the throne when it is empty. 
The castles are hostile to all men, which means that they can replace one of the two men taking part in a kill. 
The throne is always hostile to the enemy, but only hostile to the King's men when it is empty. 

> The objective for the King is to escape to a castle. 
> The objective for the enemy is to kill the King. 

The enemy moves first, and then players take alternate turns moving a single man. 
All men may move any number of vacant squares along a row or a column, like a rook. 

Men are killed if they are sandwiched between two opposing men, or between an opposing man and a hostile square, along a column or a row. 
A man is only killed if the trap is closed by a move of the opponent, and it is, therefore, allowed to move in between two opposing men. 
A killed man is removed from the board and is no longer active in the play. 
The King may take part in kills.

The King himself is killed when the enemy surrounds him in all four directions. 

The game is a draw if neither player can accomplish its objective, or the game starts to loop.


Board setup
-----------------

    C··EEEEE··C
    ·····E·····
    ···········
    E····V····E
    E···VVV···E
    EE·VVKVV·EE
    E···VVV···E
    E····V····E
    ···········
    ·····E·····
    C··EEEEE··C



More information
=================

+ <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tafl_games>
+ <http://hem.bredband.net/b512479/#Chap6>
+ <https://www.realisten.se/2013/03/30/hnefatafl-viKingarnas-bradspel/>
